The program implements a slice viewer. The way that my program implements the slicing is pretty straightforward, in fact the user just select the axis that he/she wants to slice and then he/she can select the value for slicing. I used a slicer to implement the slicing, so the user can just slide over the value to find the one that interested him/her. The user is provided with three sliders, ones for x one for y and one for z. On the default no axis is selected. If the user tries to click on slider that is not selected(“not active”) the slicing will not work. First you need to select the axis then choose the value. Another feature that I had is to be able to select between color maps. To do so, the user simply touch one of the legends at the bottom of the screen and click again on the slider to see the updated result. The first color map that the program uses is a diverging colormap. I choose this color map because it colorblind safe, because it is effective in the sense that the value are distributed equally, and so it easy to distinguish high value from low value. I tried to emulate the default color map of paraview. I think it is effective because the two diverging color (red and blue) are pretty different from each other so it is easy to distinguish the difference between the two. The second Color map is a simple linear color map that start from red value and reaches a pinkish value for high value. However, probably at the end there is no best color map. It all comes down to what kind of data you are dealing with.
By looking at the two data set I discover the following: 
 -The engine data set by slicing the x axis has most of the middle range scalar value in a lot part of the surface. However in one of side the scalar value are very high. I also by slicing around the middle part of the data you can see two holes that have the surroundings very pinkish(high value). By slicing the y value you can actually see better the “side” of the engine that has very high scalar value. And as well you can see that the “shadow” of the two big holes with high scalar value. By slicing z I can see that there are a lot of hollow shapes and in fact inside the motor you have some empty area.   

-In the fuel data set by slicing the x axis, you see a circle with a  high scalar value in the middle and low scalar value the more further you go from the middle of the circle. This situation is present only in  the upper part of the data the more down you go the situation changes a lot. In fact you don’t see anymore the high scalar value that you were seeing before, but you will just see low and lower scalar value. By slicing the y value, you can definitely tell easier the trend of the data, it starts with very high value and decreases almost by touching all the color of the color map. I think in this using a diverging color map was very helpful because you can see the range of the value from low to high (from red to blue). By slicing the data on the z axis I didn’t discover anything more than I did by slicing the y axis and probably because the dataset is simmetric.